Documentation/development.md, before:

# Developer Guide

Use the Arduino IDE or CLI. There's VSCode integration too!

clangd or the Microsoft C/C++ language server should work well.

Formatting with clang-format is necessary for contributions. The config is in the standard .clang-format, MusikWecker uses minimally modified WebKit style.

## TODOs because I forget

Some of the things I still need to implement

- The entire alarm system
	- Creating and deleting alarms
	- Alarm saving and restoring (EEPROM is fixed size; how to implement dynamic alarm clock count?)
	- Alarm settings (which are available?)
	- Executing alarms
	- Correct wakeup before an alarm runs (at least 10s to allow WiFi reconnect)
- Software volume control
- Power saving shenanigans
	- Core clock-down while we're not playing music. 160MHz is really only needed for the high SPI+I2S+audio decode workload.
	- Use an actually preempting hardware timer for audio playback. timer1 _should_ work, but we need to reach into Espressif C APIs for this.
	- Figure out why light sleep is so crashy
	- Periodically do fake wakeups from light sleep every 10s or so to trick "smart" battery banks into not shutting off power
- OTA
- Play music when selected in file view
	- Play entire folder
	- a fucking MP3 player (the hardware is here anyways)
- All the settings:
	- Disable/enable date display
	- Configure clock format for digital clocks (12h/24h)
	- Configure date format
	- Configure NTP update interval
	- Configure NTP server
- Put together a BOM for making a single PCB for this
- Design a single PCB for this
- Manufacture a single PCB for this
- World domination

Commit message:

OTA, video compression fiddling, debugging via TCP

Documentation/development.md, after:

# Developer Guide

Use the Arduino IDE or CLI. There's VSCode integration too!

clangd or the Microsoft C/C++ language server should work well.

Formatting with clang-format is necessary for contributions. The config is in the standard .clang-format, MusikWecker uses minimally modified WebKit style.

## Debugging and logging

Since the serial port's pins are in use for other purposes, debugging via serial is not possible. (There is an option in Definitions.h to enable serial setup and prints, but it does not work if SD card and I2S code is not disabled.) Instead, debugging via TCP has been implemented. The MusikWecker provides a TCP server on port 1000, and connecting to that TCP server allows you to receive log messages.

The TCP logging does not easily handle early boot messages, or early boot failures. Debugging those is exceptionally hard to impossible on the MusikWecker and comes down to trial and error, i.e. commenting and un-commenting code until an offending statement is found and using guesswork to determine the underlying issue. Sometimes, serial debugging is possible here; you may need to disable the SD card initialization and/or audio management initialization.

## TODOs because I forget

Some of the things I still need to implement

- The entire alarm system
	- Creating and deleting alarms
	- Alarm saving and restoring (EEPROM is fixed size; how to implement dynamic alarm clock count?)
	- Alarm settings (which are available?)
	- Executing alarms
	- Correct wakeup before an alarm runs (at least 10s to allow WiFi reconnect)
- Software volume control
- Power saving shenanigans
	- Core clock-down while we're not playing music. 160MHz is really only needed for the high SPI+I2S+audio decode workload.
	- Use an actually preempting hardware timer for audio playback. timer1 _should_ work, but we need to reach into Espressif C APIs for this.
	- Figure out why light sleep is so crashy
	- Periodically do fake wakeups from light sleep every 10s or so to trick "smart" battery banks into not shutting off power
- Play music when selected in file view
	- Play entire folder
	- a fucking MP3 player (the hardware is here anyways)
- All the settings:
	- Disable/enable date display
	- Configure clock format for digital clocks (12h/24h)
	- Configure date format
	- Configure NTP update interval
	- Configure NTP server
- Put together a BOM for making a single PCB for this
- Design a single PCB for this
- Manufacture a single PCB for this
- World domination
